Dear Recruiter
I'm Srinivasulu Balli, an Embedded Systems Engineer with expertise in:
• Firmware Development (Embedded C, RTOS, ARM )
• Languages  (C,C++,Data structure,linux, embedded c)
• Protocol Integration (UART, SPI, I2C, UDS,LIN,CAN)
Key Projects:
1.Vehicle Speed Controller in Highways by using RF Communication
2 Automotive Parking System - Developed sensor fusion algorithm improving detection accuracy by 30%
3 Smart Attendance System - Designed RFID-based solution reducing manual tracking by 90%
Vector India-trained in industry best practices • Strong debugging and optimization skills
I'm excited about the opportunity to bring my technical skills to your team. My resume is attached for your review.
Available for an interview at your earliest convenience.
Best regards,
Srinivasulu Balli
+91 70938 57581
ballisrinivasulu800@gmail.com



Dear recruiter 
I am srinivasulu balli, and I noticed that your company specializes in hiring candidates in the Embedded Field. I am currently seeking new opportunities and have attached my resume for your review.
I believe I possess the necessary abilities and credentials to be a great fit for your team. I have extensive knowledge and hands-on training in Embedded Systems, with a focus on Embedded C, C Programming,  Data Structure,Verilog, Microcontrollers, ARM Cortex, Linux, RTOS, and Communication Protocols. Details about my current employment are included in my resume.
I have worked with project in car reverse parking,Microcontrollers,. My recent projects, student attendance systems .i have strengthened my problem-solving an technical skills in embedded systems. In addition, my internship at Vector India have further honed my expertise in embedded programming and development tools.
. My recent projects, student attendance systems .i have strengthened my problem-solving an technical skills in embedded systems. In addition, my internship at Vector India have further honed my expertise in embedded programming and development tools.

Gmail: ballisrinivasulu800@gmail.com
Mobile :7093857581



ok but i know additionally 
those are ftp protocal,snmp, protocol,
controllers esp32,lpc2129

project :  Project: Liquid Mixer System
   Developed an ESP32-based automated liquid mixing system using I2C communication and embedded C. Implemented valve and flow-meter control for precise liquid measurement and automatic cleaning to ensure accurate, contamination-free operation.

Tools & Technologies: ESP32 Controller, Embedded C, I2C Communication, Flow Meter, Solenoid Valves, Sensors, LCD Display






































i give what i did on my project 


i am using 2 controllers one is stm32cx   two is stm32fx ,in stm32cx has 4 banks each bank has 4 realys, two digital outputs ,one IN PIN,one out put ,this bord runs continusly on or run the bank by bank 4m delay at the time based on bank gray code is sended to stm32cx to stm32fx,stm32cx has IN pin it is connect to stm32fx if stm32fx give low at the time stm32cx change bank operating speed ,it will run 8ms , stm32cx has outputs it will transfer the runig bank data ,that data initilized on stm32fx,      this is stm32cx bord operation

in stm32fx declar the bank data ,and it read the degital input ,based on digital input compare the bank declared data and combacked samedata on stm32cx to stm32fx  data if same show pass other wise show fail 
stm32fx is send low on IN pin if user give input 



this is my project control the bank inputs  relays 



give best way 


